[Applause]  [Applause]  [Music]  fight me in a cage [ __ ]  you won't do it you won't do it you  won't do it will you because you know  i'm bigger and stronger than you and i'd  absolutely demolish you in a fight and i  could beat your ass and you'd never do  it you'd never fight me in a cage  because you know i'm bigger and stronger  than that  [Music]  this is why we should have a cage match  so  why don't we just have a cage match and  uh settle things that way i'd love to uh  fight john venus and uh put my elbow  through his head i'd absolutely feed his  [ __ ] ass i would might tie something  to the [ __ ] ground  [Music]  i'll fight you  like i'm serious uh i have enough money  saved up to fly to whatever part of the  world you're [ __ ] from and go to an  mma gym  and uh beat the [ __ ] [ __ ] out of you  in a cage  well um how about we set up an mma match  uh  like i know there's a pretty big size  difference between the two of us we'll  find out  uh if the meat eater is a bigger [ __ ]  than the vegan  uh we can do that i am literally twice  your size  if you think i'm literally falling apart  then let's have an mma match i would  crush you so goddamn easily  [Music]  if you want to see if i can feel guilt  or not like let's go in a cage let's  settle this in an mma match you think  i'd feel guilty about what i do to you  in a [ __ ] cage in a boxing ring i'll  do an mma or boxing match with you with  one hand tied behind my back literally i  am not even kidding i will fight you  with one hand tied behind my back email  me if you're not too [ __ ] to still  fight me you [ __ ] claim you're such a  badass you don't care about ethics but  every single [ __ ] time anyone has  confronted you out on the streets you've  complained and called the cops like a  little [ __ ] i just want to fight him in  a cage at this point that would be a lot  more [ __ ] satisfying i've challenged  him before  and he literally said in the comment  section that i'm too big and strong for  him to fight he'd lose so there's no  point in doing i know that you live in  new york my probation is over by the way  so i can legally cross the border so  it's not a far drive for me to get to  you any day any time you want i can  cross the border we can find an mma gym  i can drive over to you to new york and  i can beat your scrawny little ass into  the ground it's pretty obvious that i  just easily beat your ass bro fight me  in a cage you're the [ __ ]  embarrassment you wanna you wanna see  embarrassing fight me in a [ __ ] cage  bro  [Applause]  yeah maybe we should challenge god to a  cage match see if he accepts if he's all  powerful  then clearly he'd fight me in a cage  because he'd win  so if he's not all powerful obviously  he's gonna be a little [ __ ] [ __ ] and  not fight me so  and maybe i should just challenge god to  a cage match and if he doesn't show up  then i think that proves that uh  i'm more powerful than your god  civilization in those days consisted of  three kinds of people  they were the  people who were killed  of course they were the killers  and all the bystanders that's all  it seems like the majority of the people  were just bystanders  no one seemed to have spoken up or  really cared  like it didn't  it didn't concern them it wasn't their  problem  you